Please deploy your application on CS3, and upload all source files to CSNS. The source files should include all the source code, documentation (optional), and an HTML file hw1.html which contains a hyperlink to your application on the CS3 server. Note that file uploading will be disabled automatically after 11:59PM of the due date, so please turn in your work on time.

[Readings]

Please read the following posts in the class forum:

About Deploying Projects on CS3
About Homework Requirements and Grading
About Late Submission Policy
[Candidate Reviews]

The CS Department is in the process of hiring a new faculty. We will invite several candidates for on-campus interviews in the next few weeks. In this semester you are going to develop a web application called Candidate Reviews that helps the department collect student and faculty feedback on the candidates. In this assignment you are going to implement some basic functions of this application using servlets or a combination of servlets and HTML pages.

1. (30pt) Display Candidates

The application should have a candidate listing page that lists all the candidates. For example:

ID	Name	Specialties	Presentation	Operation
1	John	Machine Learning	10am on 2/20 in ET A227	Edit
2	Jack	Computer Vision	10am on 2/25 in ET A332	Edit
3	Jane	Machine Learning	3pm on 2/27 in ET A126	Edit
4	May	Computer Science Education	3:30pm on 3/11 in FA 219	Edit
Add Candidate

2. (30pt) Add Candidate

When a user clicks on the Add Candidate link, the application shows the Add Candidate page where the user can add another candidate to the application. For example:

Name	
Specialties	
Presentation	
Note that a unique ID for the added candidate should be automatically generated by the application. After the new candidate is added, the user should be redirected to the candidate listing page.

3. (30pt) Edit Candidate

Clicking on the Edit link allows a user to edit the information of a candidate. For example:

ID	4
Name	
May
Specialties	
Computer Science Education
Presentation	
3:30pm on 3/11 in FA 219
Note that the ID of a candidate cannot be changed. The Edit Candidate form should be pre-filled with the current information of the candidate. After the changes to the candidate are saved, the user should be redirected to the candidate listing page.

[NOTES]

As I said in class, the vast majority of web applications can be considered as data + operations on the data, so first identify the data in this application and create the corresponding class(es), then identify the operations in this application (e.g. display, add, and edit), and create a servlet for each operation.
To focus on the main functionality, we will assume that the users will always provide proper input - in other words, you do not need to implement any input validation.
Changes made by the users (e.g. added candidates or changes to existing ones) need to be stored in application scope but do not need to be saved to a file. Those changes will be lost after the application is unloaded or reloaded, and that's OK for this assignment.
Do not spend too much time beautifying the user interface - you can do that in later assignments when we use JSP.